Add `CloudSeedProvider` (#1906)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/databases.adoc

The sources of seeds are called _seed providers_.

The mechanism is pluggable, allowing new sources of seeds to be supported (see link:https://www.neo4j.com/docs/java-reference/current/extending-neo4j/project-setup/#extending-neo4j-plugin-seed-provider[Java Reference -> Implement custom seed providers] for more information).

> The product has built-in support for seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Cloud Storage, and Amazon S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product has built-in support for seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage (from Neo4j 5.25), and Azure Cloud Storage (from Neo4j 5.25).
```

To determine the cause of the problem, it is recommended to look at the `debug.log`.

==== Seed providers

The `URLConnectionSeedProvider` supports the following:

** `file:`
** `ftp:`
** `http:`
** `https:`

The `S3SeedProvider` supports:

** `s3:`

[NOTE]
====

> Neo4j 5 comes bundled with necessary libraries for AWS S3 connectivity and thus if using  `S3SeedProvider` then `aws cli` is not required, but can be used with the `CloudSeedProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j 5 comes bundled with necessary libraries for AWS S3 connectivity.
Therefore, if you use `S3SeedProvider`,`aws cli` is not required but can be used with the `CloudSeedProvider`.
```

CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 's3:/myBucket/myBackup.backup', seedConfig: 'region=eu-west-1' }
----

`S3SeedProvider` also requires passing in credentials.
These are specified with the `seedCredentials` option.
Seed credentials are securely passed from the Cypher command to each server hosting the database.
For this to work, Neo4j on each server in the cluster must be configured with identical keystores.
This is identical to the configuration required by remote aliases, see xref:database-administration/aliases/remote-database-alias-configuration.adoc#remote-alias-config-DBMS_admin-A[Configuration of DBMS with remote database alias].
If this configuration is not performed, the `seedCredentials` option fails.

[source, cypher, role="noplay"]
----
CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 's3:/myBucket/myBackup.backup', seedConfig: 'region=eu-west-1', seedCredentials: [accessKey];[secretKey] }
----
Where `accessKey` and `secretKey` are provided by AWS.

The `CloudSeedProvider` supports:

** `s3:`
** `gs:`
** `azb:`

[.tabbed-example]
=====

> [role=include-with-AWS-S3 label--new-5.19]

Reviewer: I think it was introduced in 5.1.

Author: Yes I think `S3SeedProvider` was, but this refers to CloudSeedProvider's s3 support so should be 5.25 - will change

======

include::partial$/aws-s3-overrides.adoc[]

include::partial$/aws-s3-credentials.adoc[]

. Create database from `myBackup.backup`. 
+
[source,shell, role="nocopy"]
----
CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 's3:/myBucket/myBackup.backup' }
----

======

> [role=include-with-Google-cloud-storage label--new-5.24]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role=include-with-Google-cloud-storage label--new-5.25]
```

======

include::partial$/gcs-credentials.adoc[]

. Create database from `myBackup.backup`. 
+
[source,shell]
----
CREATE DATABASE foo OPTIONS { existingData: 'use', seedURI: 'gs:/myBucket/myBackup.backup' }
----
======

> [role=include-with-Azure-cloud-storage label--new-5.24]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role=include-with-Azure-cloud-storage label--new-5.25]
```
